agent301-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/agent301-claimer,python bot.py,
BirdxBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/BirdxBOT,python bot.py,
BlumBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/BlumBOT,python blum.py,
Dawn-Validator-bot,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/Dawn-Validator-bot,node index.js,
EtherdropBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/EtherdropBOT,python bot.py,
FintopioBot,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/FintopioBot,python fintopio.py,
GemswallBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/GemswallBOT,python bot.py,
pin-ai,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/pin-ai,node index.js,
PumpadBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/PumpadBOT,python bot.py,
WontonBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/WontonBOT,python bot.py,
YescoinBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/YescoinBOT,python bot.py,
grass-bot,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/grass-bot,python main.py,
BananaBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/BananaBOT,python main.py,
hashcats-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/hashcats-claimer,python bot-proxy.py,
bump-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/bump-claimer,python bot-proxy.txt,
matchquest-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/matchquest-claimer,python bot-proxy.py,
FastmintBOT,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/FastmintBOT,python bot.py,
tothemoon,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/tothemoon,python bot.py,
cyberfinance-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/cyberfinance-claimer,python bot-proxy.py,
babydoge-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/babydoge-claimer,python bot-proxy.py,
ageofmars-claimer,/data/data/com.termux/files/home/ageofmars-claimer,python bot-proxy.py